# Event-Managment

This is java script mini project of Event Managemnt System.
Various events is organization through this.
just check it out.


Our Event Management Services are equipped with business management and organizational skills. We conduct theme-based events that imparts a unique experience for the participants – so that they recall the experience as worthwhile to remember.Many of our customers avail the services on event management for conducting their important meetings. The core function of the event management services is to plan, execute and evaluate events of several types.We handle the entire gamut of events – Trade Shows, Product Launch, Board Meetings and Conferences. We employ state-of- the-art technologies to create the events. The events are based on innovative ideas so that the services can add value to the events.
		Our event management process starts with planning the events by eliciting information from the clients about their vision on the event. It is the planner’s responsibilities to keep track of the event-time, manage staff, cater to liaison and arrange venue-related tasks that are vital for the success of such events. Next, we work towards arranging for a budget for the event. Once the budget is put in place then only our team will finalize the concept of the event and also fix the vendors and make the location choices. This is the point when the necessary permissions and insurances are obtained.
		The team also coordinates with our clients to connect with the speakers, if required for any of the events. The team will handle the parking and transportation and will also be present on-site to coordinate the event on the scheduled day – addressing any issues that may arise.	We make sure that our clients have a single point of contact through our account administration team. Our team takes note of minute details for the event so that it unfolds in the desired manner and adheres to the financial plan. Once the event is completed, our team will wrap up and evoke client feedbacks.
